doc: document fs.write limitation with TTY (#24571)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

The kernel ignores the position argument and always appends the data to
the end of the file.

> On Windows, if the file descriptor is a TTY, e.g. a terminal with file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, if the file descriptor is a terminal, e.g. a terminal with file
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Windows, if the file descriptor is connected to the console (e.g. `fd == 1` a.k.a. `stdout`)
a string encoded as utf8 will not be rendered properly.
```

> descriptor `1` / standard output, a string containing utf8 encoded output will

Reviewer: The "e.g. ... output," is confusing, because a terminal with fd not equal to 1 would still be a tty, and I don't know what the  "/ " means. I suggest removing that part, then adding a second sentence afterwards: "Usually, file descriptors 0, 1, and 2 (also known as `stdin`, `stdout`, and `stderr`) are connected to a terminal. For any file descriptor, whether it is a terminal can be checked using  [`isatty()`](https://nodejs.org/api/all.html#tty_tty_isatty_fd)".

Reviewer 3: Nit: it seems we usually use uppercased UTF8 or UTF-8 outside of code snippets.

Reviewer 2: I'd skip the referenced to `TTY` at all since IIUC the crux is `conhost.exe` limitations WRT to stdio. That is, not the type of the fd, but where it is connected to (i.e. a TTY connected to a pipe or socket will work as expected).

> not be rendered properly. It is possible to configure the terminal to

Reviewer 2: Something like:
```suggestion
It is possible to configure the console to render UTF-8 properly by changing the
active codepage with the `chcp 65001` command.
```

The kernel ignores the position argument and always appends the data to
the end of the file.

On Windows, if the file descriptor is connected to the console (e.g. `fd == 1`

> or `stdout`) a string encoded as UTF-8 or Unicode (`ucs2`) will not be rendered

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
or `stdout`) a string containing non-ASCII characters will not be rendered
```

… otherwise this seems a bit confusing/inaccurate?

properly.
It is possible to configure the console to render UTF-8 properly by changing the
active codepage with the `chcp 65001` command. See the [chcp][] docs for more

> details.

Reviewer 5: The two sentences contradict each other. "won't be rendered properly" and "will be rendered properly if you configure it".

Reviewer 2: Yes, probably missing a "by default".

the end of the file.

On Windows, if the file descriptor is connected to the console (e.g. `fd == 1`

> or `stdout`) a string containing non-ASCII characters will not be rendered

Reviewer 5: Are you sure that, no matter which encoding you specify, no non-ASCII characters will be rendered properly by default?

Author: I think so, the problem is that the terminal has a non-compatible code page: practically the data arrives with the right encoding, it is the terminal that knows nothing about those. The terminal code page is determined by the Windows locale (see https://ss64.com/nt/chcp.html). From the information in that page, the above sentence seems correct.

Please suggest alternate wording if you think it's more appropriate.

Reviewer 5: In that case the wording is appropriate, but perhaps it should be clarified that:

1. With the default code page, non-ASCII characters will not be rendered properly whether you use 'utf8', 'usc-2' or anything else.
2. With `chcp 65001`, non-ASCII characters will be rendered properly if and only if you use 'utf8'.

Author: Can you please suggest some alternate wording?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or `stdout`) a string containing non-ASCII characters may not be rendered
```
IMHO just use `may`
It will keep this correct without getting into the minutia of this... Proper rendering depends on
1. You active codepage
2. Your `conhost.exe` version
3. The active font
4. String encoding

For example
Even a single-byte string with non-ASCII chars that matched the codepage _will_ be rendered correctly. If the codepage is available and the font has these chars.
```
> chcp 1037
> node -p "'רפאל'"
רפאל
```

Reviewer 5: I disagree unless there is a combination of code page and encoding that renders non-ASCII characters correctly. The example is not valid since it doesn't write to the file descriptor directly, so it will work regardless of the code page.

Author: > I disagree unless there is a combination of code page and encoding that renders non-ASCII characters correctly.

There is, as said in the following paragraph. However, this is _not the default_ as far as we know. It's important that this is Operating System specific, so who knows if in some locale/country/configuration this is rendered correctly? I think the use of the word `may` is correct here.

@seishun can you please propose some alternate wording?

Author: Then, I'm going to consider this comment resolved.
